[CN-672] Add page with Native Memory parameters (#81)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/native-memory.adoc

> = Native Memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Configuring the Native Memory Store
```

> :description: Native Memory Store is designed as a pluggable memory manager which enables multiple memory stores for different data structures. These memory stores are all accessible by a common access layer that scales up to massive amounts of the main memory on a single JVM by minimizing the GC pressure. Native Memory Store enables predictable application scaling and boosts performance and latency while minimizing garbage collection pauses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: The Native Memory Store is a pluggable memory manager. It allows you to set up different configurations, or stores, for your application’s data structures on a single JVM. These memory stores form part of a common access layer which scales up to use a configured amount of memory on the JVM.
```

{description}

> This topic explains how to configure native memory. It also brings together example of how you can configure your data structure with Native Memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As well as providing more predictable application scaling, using a Native Memory Store boosts performance, reduces latency, and minimizes garbage collection pauses. 
```
If we change the title, I don't think the original sentence is needed.

> == Configuring Native Memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configuring a Native Memory Store
```

> Below are the configuration options for the Native Memory feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are the configuration options for the Native Memory Store.
```

[cols="25%m,75%a"]
|===
|Field|Description

|`allocatorType`

> | Specifies the mechanism for allocating memory; either XXXX or XXXX.

Reviewer: For this line, you need to add in the name of the two allocator types. It looks like the first is `POOLED` but I'm not sure about the second one.

> | AllocatorType specifies one of 2 types of mechanism for allocating memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Specifies the mechanism for allocating memory; either XXXX or XXXX.
```
It makes sense to give both options if they are available, and to explain what they are used for.

|`size`
|Size of the total native memory to allocate.

|`minBlockSize`

> |MinBlockSize is the size of smallest block that will be allocated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Size of smallest block of memory to allocate.
```

|`pageSize`

> |PageSize is the size of the page in bytes to allocate memory as a block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Size of the page in bytes to allocate as a block of memory.
```

|`metadataSpacePercentage`

> |MetadataSpacePercentage defines percentage of the allocated native memory that is used for the metadata of other map components such as index (for predicates), offset, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Percentage of the allocated native memory that is used for the metadata of other map components such as index (for predicates), offset, etc.
```
What if the data structure isn't a map?

|===

=== Example Configuration

The example configuration does the following:

> - Creates cluster with Native Memory and `POOLED` allocator enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creates a cluster with `Native Memory` and the `POOLED` allocator enabled.
```

> - Configures Map for that cluster that is using Native Memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configures a map on the cluster to use native memory.
```
